item.ItemEndSight.name=Sight Of End
item.ItemTearVial.name=Tear Vial
item.ItemCondensedFlesh.name=Condensed Flesh
item.ItemPureGunpowder.name=Pure Gunpowder
item.ItemBonePile.name=Bone Pile
tile.BlockGraveyardSoil.name=Graveyard Soil
item.ItemAwakeningCreeper.name=Potion of Awakening - Creeper
item.ItemAwakeningZombie.name=Potion of Awakening - Zombie
item.ItemAwakeningSkeleton.name=Potion of Awakening - Skeleton
item.ItemFireEssence.name=Essence of Fire
item.ItemAwakeningBlaze.name=Potion of Awakening - Blaze
item.ItemAwakeningGhast.name=Potion of Awakening - Ghast
item.ItemAwakeningEnderman.name=Potion of Awakening - Enderman
tile.BlockDeadSoilCreeper.name=Soil of the Dead - Creeper
tile.BlockDeadSoilZombie.name=Soil of the Dead - Zombie
tile.BlockDeadSoilSkeleton.name=Soil of the Dead - Skeleton
tile.BlockDeadSoilBlaze.name=Soil of the Dead - Blaze
tile.BlockDeadSoilEnderman.name=Soil of the Dead - Enderman
tile.BlockDeadSoilGhast.name=Soil of the Dead - Ghast
item.ItemSiftingNet.name=Sifting Net
itemGroup.tabSupernaturalFlora=Supernatural Flora
