item.ItemEndSight.name=Sight Of End
item.ItemTearVial.name=Tear Vial
item.ItemCondensedFlesh.name=Condensed Flesh
item.ItemPureGunpowder.name=Pure Gunpowder
item.ItemBonePile.name=Bone Pile
tile.BlockGraveyardSoil.name=Graveyard Soil
item.ItemAwakeningCreeper.name=Serum of Volatility
item.ItemAwakeningZombie.name=Serum of the Undead
item.ItemAwakeningSkeleton.name=Serum of the Projectile
item.ItemFireEssence.name=Essence of Fire
item.ItemAwakeningBlaze.name=Serum of the Flame
item.ItemAwakeningGhast.name=Serum of Eternal Tears
item.ItemAwakeningEnderman.name=Serum of Dimensionality
tile.BlockDeadSoilCreeper.name=Soil of the Dead - Creeper
tile.BlockDeadSoilZombie.name=Soil of the Dead - Zombie
tile.BlockDeadSoilSkeleton.name=Soil of the Dead - Skeleton
tile.BlockDeadSoilBlaze.name=Soil of the Dead - Blaze
tile.BlockDeadSoilEnderman.name=Soil of the Dead - Enderman
tile.BlockDeadSoilGhast.name=Soil of the Dead - Ghast
item.ItemSiftingNet.name=Sifting Net
itemGroup.tabSupernaturalFlora=Supernatural Flora
item.ItemSoulMedium.name=Soul Medium
item.ItemLifePotion.name=Essence of the Spark
item.ItemGandalf99.name=gandalf99 [WIP]
item.ItemEtherealDivisor.name=Ethereal Divisor
item.ItemIronShard.name=Iron Shard
item.ItemObsidianIngot.name=Obsidian Ingot